No answer.
Go back and have a good rest
Thank you doctor
Are you guys okay?
Gao Yu, this bastard, I must make him look good
Tongtong don't make trouble
It's okay, we have an advantage in pursuing it.
This money needs to be determined.
I also need to compensate for medical expenses.
Tongtong or you will come up with ideas
Just teach that bastard Gao Yu a lesson
No matter how big the injury is, I am willing to Antong
Is this your idea?
Otherwise, how can I make him roar without some means?
But what are you making a fuss about?
You want to achieve your goal
You hurt Lin Yue so much?
What are you yelling for?
I am also for Yueyue's good.
I want him to be solved by Gao Yu as soon as possible.
I'm hurt too
I'm not blaming you.
I'm just saying before you make any decisions
Let's discuss it together
There's a solution.
Now it's done.
Both are in the hospital
The money didn't arrive either.
And give the plateau an excuse to threaten us
Brother Xiaoyu, don't say Tongtong
Tongtong is also for my own good
It's all my fault
Well, people like Gao Yu
Not necessarily what will be done
Lin Yue is in danger outside alone
Or will you continue to live in our house?
What will we say when the Gao Yu matter is resolved?